Adds a docs folder with some minimal info about crates and commands (#29)
orogene/orogene: docs/COMMANDS.md

# Commands

This is where you'll find the implementation of the `oro` commands.
The commands are meant to feel familiar to users of `npm`, `yarn`, the entropic client `ds`, `tink`, and others.

There are three parts to commands:

>  * The datastructure with `clap` annotations that is used for command line arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The data structure with `clap` annotations that is used for command line arguments.
```

>  * The implementation of `OroCommand` that contains the actual exectuion of the commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The implementation of `OroCommand` that contains the actual execution of the commands.
```
